Fix outdated README file and add development notes (#553)
eclipse/che-operator: olm/README.md

OLM packages scripts are using some required dependencies that need to be installed
 - [curl](https://curl.haxx.se/)
 - [https://github.com/kislyuk/yq](https://github.com/kislyuk/yq) and not [http://mikefarah.github.io/yq/](http://mikefarah.github.io/yq/)
 - [socat](http://www.dest-unreach.org/socat/)
 - [Operator SDK v0.17.2](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/blob/v0.10.0/doc/user/install-operator-sdk.md)
 - [opm](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-registry/releases/tag/v1.15.1) 

WARNING: Please make sure to use the precise `v0.17.2` version of the `operator-sdk`.

If these dependencies are not installed, `docker-run.sh` can be used as a container bootstrap to run a given script with the appropriate dependencies.

Example : `$ docker-run.sh update-nightly-bundle.sh`

# 2. Eclipse Che operator

Eclipse Che application it's a Kubernetes api controller to install Eclipse Che application and manage its

> lifecycle. It does such kind of operations for Eclipse Che: installation, update, change configuration, uninstallation, display current status and some useful information like links to Che services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lifecycle. It performs the following operations for Eclipse Che: installation, update, change configuration, uninstallation, display of the current status, and other useful information such as links to Che services.
```

> Che operator implemented using [operator framework](https://github.com/operator-framework) and golang programming language. Eclipse Che configuration defined using a custom resource definition object and stored in the custom Kubernetes resource named CheCluster(Kubernetes api group `org.eclipse.checluster`). Che operator extends Kubernetes api to embed Eclipse Che to Kubernetes cluster in a native way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Che operator is implemented using [operator framework](https://github.com/operator-framework) and the Go programming language. Eclipse Che configuration defined using a custom resource definition object and stored in the custom Kubernetes resource named CheCluster(Kubernetes API group `org.eclipse.checluster`). Che operator extends Kubernetes API to embed Eclipse Che to Kubernetes cluster in a native way.
```

# 3. Che cluster custom resource definition

> Che cluster custom resource definition(CRD) defines Eclipse CheCluster custom resource object. It contains information about object structure, field types, field descriptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Che cluster custom resource definition (CRD) defines Eclipse CheCluster custom resource object. It contains information about object structure, field types, field descriptions.
```

> CRD file - it's a yaml definition located in the `deploy/crds/org_v1_che_crd.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CRD file is a YAML definition located in the `deploy/crds/org_v1_che_crd.yaml`.
```

> But this file is auto-generated. So, to update this file you should not edit this file directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file is auto-generated, so do not edit it directly to update it.
```

> If you want to add new fields or fix descriptions in the crd you should make your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to add new fields or fix descriptions in the CRD, make your
```

> changes in the file `pkg/apis/org/v1/che_types.go` and launch script in the `olm` folder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
changes in the file `pkg/apis/org/v1/che_types.go` and launch the script in the `olm` folder:
```

```bash
$ ./update-crd-files.sh
```

> > Notice: this script contains commands to make this CRD compatible with Openshift 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Notice: this script contains commands to make the CRD compatible with Openshift 3.
```

> In the VSCode you can use task `Update cr/crd files`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the VSCode you can use the task `Update cr/crd files`.
```

# 4. Che cluster custom resource

che-operator installs Eclipse Che using configuration stored in the Kubernetes custom resource(CR).
CR object structure defined in the code using `pkg/apis/org/v1/che_types.go` file. Field name
defined using the serialization tag `json`, for example `json:"openShiftoAuth"`.

> Che operator default CR sample stored in the `deploy/crds/org_v1_che_cr.yaml`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Che operator default CR sample is stored in the `deploy/crds/org_v1_che_cr.yaml`. 
```

> This file should be directly modified if it's a required to apply new fields with default values,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file should be directly modified if you want to apply new fields with default values,
```

or in case of changing default values for existing fields.

> Also you can apply in the field comments Openshift ui annotations: to display some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, you can apply in the field comments Openshift UI annotations: to display some
```

> interactive information about these fields on the Openshift ui.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
interactive information about these fields on the Openshift UI.
```

For example:

```go
	// +operator-sdk:gen-csv:customresourcedefinitions.statusDescriptors=true
	// +operator-sdk:gen-csv:customresourcedefinitions.statusDescriptors.displayName="Eclipse Che URL"
	// +operator-sdk:gen-csv:customresourcedefinitions.statusDescriptors.x-descriptors="urn:alm:descriptor:org.w3:link"
```

This comment-annotations displays clickable link on the Openshift ui with a text "Eclipse Che URL"

It is mandatory to update the OLM bundle after modification of the CR sample to deploy Eclipse Che using OLM.
Also users/developers could apply CR manually using `kubectl/oc apply -f deploy/crds/org_v1_che_cr.yaml -n ${che-namespace}`.
But before that should be applied custom resource definition CRD, because Kubernetes api need to get
information about new custom resource type and structure before storing the custom resource.

> Openshift 4 provides ui to apply default CR. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Openshift 4 provides UI to apply default CR. 
```

chectl includes CR automatically during deploy Che using 'operator' or 'olm' installer.

# 5. Eclipse Che OLM bundles

> OLM(operator lifecycle manager) provides ways how to install operators. One of the convenient way how to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OLM (operator lifecycle manager) provides ways of installing operators. One of the convenient way how to
```

> achieve it - it's using OLM bundles. See more about format: https://github.com/openshift/enhancements/blob/master/enhancements/olm/operator-bundle.md.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
achieve it is by using OLM bundles. See more about the format: https://github.com/openshift/enhancements/blob/master/enhancements/olm/operator-bundle.md.
```

> There two "nightly" platform specific OLM bundles for che-operator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There two "nightly" platform-specific OLM bundles for che-operator:
```

- `deploy/olm-catalog/eclipse-che-preview-kubernetes/manifests`
- `deploy/olm-catalog/eclipse-che-preview-openshift/manifests`

Each bundle consists of a cluster service version file(CSV) and a custom resource definition file(CRD). 
CRD file describes "checluster" Kubernetes api resource object(object fields name, format, description and so on).
Kubernetes api needs this information to correctly store a custom resource object "checluster".
Custom resource object users could modify to change Eclipse Che configuration.
Che operator watches "checluster" object and re-deploy Che with desired configuration.
The CSV file contains all "deploy" and "permission" specific information, which OLM needs to install Eclipse Che operator.

# 6. Make new changes to OLM bundle

> Sometimes, during development, you need to modify some yaml definitions in the `deploy` folder 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, during development, you need to modify some YAML definitions in the `deploy` folder 
```
